Setting routes with one or multiple of the following rules/configuration (routes wont
be using regexp):
    ◦ Define a list of accepted HTTP methods for the route.
    HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) defines a set of methods that can be used for communication between clients and servers. The following are the most commonly used HTTP methods:
        GET: This method is used to retrieve information from a server, for example to retrieve a web page.
        POST: This method is used to send data to a server, for example to submit a form.
        PUT: This method is used to update an existing resource on a server.
        DELETE: This method is used to delete a resource on a server.
        HEAD: This method is used to retrieve the headers of a response, without the response body.
        OPTIONS: This method is used to retrieve information about the communication options available for a resource.
        CONNECT: This method is used to establish a network connection to a resource, typically for the purpose of setting up a secure communication channel (e.g., SSL/TLS).
        TRACE: This method is used to retrieve a diagnostic trace of the request and response messages for a resource.
        PATCH: This method is used to apply a set of changes to a resource.
    ◦ Define a HTTP redirection.
    HTTP redirection is a technique where a web server returns a response to a client indicating that the requested resource has been moved to a different URL. The client then makes a subsequent request to the new URL to retrieve the resource.
        301 Moved Permanently: Indicates that the resource has been permanently moved to a new URL, and future requests should be directed to the new URL.
        302 Found (Temporary Redirect): Indicates that the resource has temporarily been moved to a new URL, and future requests should continue to be directed to the original URL.
        303 See Other: Indicates that the resource can be found under a different URL, but the original URL should be retained in the client's request.
        307 Temporary Redirect: Indicates that the resource has temporarily been moved to a new URL, and future requests should be directed to the new URL.
        308 Permanent Redirect: Indicates that the resource has been permanently moved to a new URL, and future requests should be directed to the new URL.
        In Nginx, HTTP redirection can be achieved by using the return directive in a location block, or by using the rewrite directive to change the URL of a request and then issuing a return directive to trigger a redirect.
            location /route {
            return 301 https://new.example.com/route;
            }


∗ Do you wonder what a CGI is?
∗ Because you won’t call the CGI directly, use the full path as PATH_INFO.
∗ Just remember that, for chunked request, your server needs to unchunked
it and the CGI will expect EOF as end of the body.
∗ Same things for the output of the CGI. If no content_length is returned
from the CGI, EOF will mark the end of the returned data.
∗ Your program should call the CGI with the file requested as first argument.
∗ The CGI should be run in the correct directory for relative path file access.
∗ Your server should work with one CGI (php-CGI, Python, and so forth)